Clarifying how to find the console... (#17)
marcusolsson/obsidian-plugin-docs: docs/concepts/plugin-anatomy.md

[`onunload()`](../api/classes/Component.md#onunload) runs when the plugin is disabled. Any resources that your plugin is using must be released here to avoid affecting the performance of Obsidian after your plugin has been disabled.

> To better understand when these methods are called, you can print a message to the console whenever the plugin loads and unloads. The console is a valuable "behind the scenes" tool for developers to use to monitor the status of their code. To view the console, press ctrl-shift-i in Windows/Linux, or cmd-option-i on the Mac. Click on the Console Tab in the resultant side window that appears. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To better understand when these methods are called, you can print a message to the console whenever the plugin loads and unloads. The console is a valuable tool that lets developers monitor the status of their code. 

To view the console:

1. Toggle the Developer Tools by pressing Ctrl+Shift+I in Windows and Linux, or Cmd-Option-I on macOS. 
1. Click on the Console tab in the Developer Tools window. 
```

Sorry for the (really) late response on this 🙏
